1. Array lookup is always O(1). It does not depend on the size of the array. The basic idea about arrays is that 
it contains objects/references with fixed size so you can just do size * index to have the position of the object 
you are looking for.

2. O(n) means that the duration grows as the array grows: finding a specific item in an array takes twice the time 
if the array is twice the size. O(n²) means that the duration grows as the square of the array growth


3.
Depending on a number of factors, it may actually be faster to copy the list to an array and then use a Quicksort. 
The reason this might be faster is that an array has much better cache performance than a linked list
The average case run time of quick sort is O(n logn) 

4.Consider the situation where no other data structure like arrays, linked list is available to you. 
 A queue can be implemented using two stacks

 5. it will replace the element of the corresponding key. HashMap is similar to HashTable, but it is unsynchronized. 
 It allows to store the null keys as well, but there should be only one null key object and there can be any number of
  null values

6. You cannot delete elements from an array, you need to create new copy from the original one, and then return the result,
 or change the reference of the original array to the new copy

8.Circular Doubly Linked List has properties of both doubly linked list and circular linked list in which two consecutive 
elements are linked or connected by previous and next pointer and the last node points to first node by next pointer and 
also the first node points to last node by the previous pointer.

9.A- Many programming languages implement recursion by means of stacks. 


10.
An overflow occurs when the home bucket for a new pair (key, element) is full. • We may handle overflows by: ƒ Search 
the hash table in some systematic fashion for a bucket that is not full.


11.The time complexity of nested loops is equal to the number of times the innermost statement is executed. 
In the above nested-loop example, the inner loop is running n times for every iteration of the outer loop.
